## U-Ticket - Scenario Walk Through
This program starts by executing the controller.
When the controller is run, Flight manager, Ticket manager and Customer manager will be restored such that previous states of these managers will be loaded.
Notice that we have deserialized all managers (i.e. all managers are back to their previous states), and the managers are inputted as parameters to the GUI constructor method, then will be passed frame by frame. 

Once the GUI is loaded, the Greeting frame will first pop up, with the welcome greeting and a start button. When the start button is clicked, the Login window will show up (since the ActionListener has been added to this button, then once it’s clicked, the actionPerformed method will be called to instantiate the Login window and this Greeting frame will be disposed).

Now, the user can either login by entering username and password and then clicking the login button, or create a new account by clicking the Create button that the create account window will show up(once created, can back to the login window). This process is done by the LoginSystem class, which directly reads and writes our users datasheet.

Once login succeeds, the main menu frame will show up (login window is closed and the main menu window pops up with a procedure similar to above), and the user can choose either to book tickets or to manage the user’s account.

If the user clicks the manage account button, then the manage account window will show up (since the ActionListener has been added to the button, once it’s clicked, the actionPerformed method will be called to instantiate the manage account window). Then, the user can choose to check/update personal info, join membership, load balance, redeem points, see purchase history, or go back to the main menu. 

If the user chooses check personal info, then customer manager will check user’s current information including (Passenger Name, Passenger username
, Account Balance, Current mileage, Membership status, Membership level, Redeem points) and display it on the frame.

If the user chooses to update, say like to change name, then the user needs to input the original name (Customer manager will check and verify if the user’s input original name is the same as the customer’s name, which is stored in the customer manager hashmap. If the input original name is not same, a fail page will show and let user input  original name again until they enter the correct original name or exist to previous page) and then the new name to change name(customer manager’s serialization enables this change to be saved), a success page will tell user that they has been changed name successfully. If the user chooses to change password, then the user needs to input the original password (Customer manager will check and verify if the user’s input original password is the same as the customer’s password, which is stored in the customer manager hashmap. If the input original password is not same, a fail page will show and let user input original password again until they enter the correct original password or exist to previous page) and then the new password to change password (customer manager’s serialization enables this change to be saved), a success page will tell user that they has been changed password successfully. If the user chooses to change username, then the user needs to input the original username (Customer manager will check and verify if the user’s input original username is the same as the customer’s username, which is stored in the customer manager hashmap. If the input original username is not the same, a fail page will show and let user input original username again until they enter the correct original username or exist to the previous page) and then the new username to change username (customer manager’s serialization enables this change to be saved), a success page will tell user that they has been changed username successfully.
 
The user has to join membership first in order to redeem items. The user can join membership easily by clicking the "Join membership" button, once clicked. The user’s membership status will be updated to true. And a success page will show and users could choose to back the previous pages.
 
Users could choose to load their account balance by clicking the “load balance” button, a text box will display and let users enter the amount which they want to load. By clicking the submit “button”, the amount will load to their account balance and a suess page will display to tell the user load successfully.  And users could choose to back the previous pages.
 
By purchasing tickets, the mileage value will be updated to this user, and users can get rewards points based on current total mileage divided by 5. There are five redeemed items which are “Back Pack”, “Bookstore Coupon”, “Gift Card”, “Mug” and “TVoucher”. If the user earns enough rewards points, the user can redeem the item and the item will be added to this user’s purchase history. If the user does not have enough redeem points, a fail page will show and let the user know they do not have enough points and the user can choose to go back to the previous page. 
 
Users could check their purchase history and Redeem item history by clicking “see your purchase history”. They could either choose "Check Booked Ticket History" or "Check Redeemed Items History". A JComboBox will show the Tickets related information in string format in the "Booked Ticket History" page. A JComboBox will show the Items related information in string format in the "Redeemed Items History" page. Users can choose to go back to the previous page. 
 
If the user clicks the book ticket button, the pick routes window will show up. The user picks the departure city to be Toronto and arrival city to be Vancouver, and clicks the show button to see the departure and destination cities picked, and then clicks the submit button to confirm the route, and then the pick flight page will be shown. The pick flight page will have a combo box showing all flights’ numbers that matched the routes picked, where the user can pick which flight to book a ticket with; the matched flights are gathered with flight manager’s method getFlightByRoute with depature and arrival cities values passed from previous frame(pick routes frame) inputted to return array list of flight numbers.
 
By clicking the submit button, the pick seat page will show up where every available seat and seat type of the flight picked is shown, and the user can pick the seat wanted in the combo box and click the submit button. By clicking the submit button, it would instantiate the class DisplayPriceFrame(with seat information passed) and it would proceed to this new frame.
 
The price display page shows customers the grand total of charges for booking tickets. The price will be processed by interacting with the class PriceCalculator with the information needed that was passed from the previous frames. FlightManager and CustomerManager will be used to return information regarding Customer and Flight for the inputs of methods that can calculate the price. It gives customers three options: return to the book ticket menu, load balance, and continue to the confirmation page. By selecting to return, it instantiates a new instance of class BookTicketMenuFrame. If selected to load balance, it would instantiate a new instance of class LoadBalanceFrame. Lastly, if the user chose to proceed, it then instantiates an instance of the class BookTicketFrame to allow users to check the ticket summary and confirm whether a payment will be processed. Once the user confirms, it will then check the user's balance to ensure sufficient balance has been loaded. This is performed by using the CustomerManager to call a method that returns the balance of the user. 
Once all the above steps are finished, if the user can afford the ticket, a confirmation frame will be displayed. In the meantime, all data will be saved into a local file so that it could be restored later. At this point, the user has the options to return to the main menu or exit. Returning to the main menu will be done by instantiating a new instance of MainMenuFrame, and users can choose to buy another ticket or manage their accounts. Exiting the program can be simply achieved by closing the window. If the user is required to load more balance in order to purchase tickets, a warning will pop up to bring users to manage account or load balance, and the user can proceed to one of the pages and can then continue.


