## U-Ticket - Specification

This program creates a flight ticket booking system designed for booking flight tickets, and keeping track of ticket sales.​ It stores flight and customer data from user inputs to generate tickets for particular flights. 
Users will have to create an account or sign in to an existing account to book the ticket. Each customer account contains username, password and available balance and earned redeem points that can be used to purchase items in Ustore(Rewards Item Redemption System). Customers have a purchase history which stores redeemed rewards items and tickets booked.
Each flight has its departure and arrival location and local time, size of the flight and seat availability. There are 3 types of flight, small, medium and large which differ by their seat capacity and the number of different types of seats(“First”, “Business” and “Economy”).
Each ticket contains information about the passenger’s name, flight number, and date and time of departure and arrival. In addition, tickets can be modified or canceled by users. 
By running the program, customers should be able to sign-up or log-into their account and choose their flight by choosing departure and destination city and choosing a preferable flight from a qualified flight list. Their information and choices could be saved and restored. Available seats will display in a list as well as their types so that customers can choose seats by their preference. The ticket would be successfully booked if the customer has enough balance in the account, and reward points of this flight would be added to the customer's account.
Customers would be able to load money into the account, check their purchase history, and redeem items from U-Store with reward points( there are five items to choose from). 
