## Progress Report
This project is to design an online airline ticket booking system that can be used to store customer, flight information, and ticket sales from user inputs. It allows users to modify and cancel sold tickets and retrieve up-to-date sales.

We have planned to design three entity classes, Ticket, Flight, and Customer. Each class is the core of the system to instantiate instances of each kind and store information. They are called by three use-case classes, TicketManager, FlightManager, and CustomerManager. They are in charge of any modification and updates to the corresponding entity-class instances from user inputs. In addition, a controller class TicketReservationSystem will be implemented to send requests to all use-case classes in order for them to respond. Finally, a command-line interface, TextUserInterface manages all user inputs and sends commands to the controller class.

We prepared a scenario walk-through where a user will feed information into the program to create a user account, load balance, and book tickets. A confirmation message will be displayed once a ticket is successfully booked.

Since this is our first time experiencing creating a command-line interface, the most struggling problem we have so far is resolving a way to simplify the code and ensure that we can provide users the option to return to the previous state. For example, when a user accidentally selects the wrong choice, how do we allow him to go back and re-select cleanly? Moreover, can a controller class contain this many details as what we designed?

We followed the principles of Clean Architecture closely in the process of designing classes so that when implementing the classes, the responsibilities of each class were nice and clear, and we benefited from cooperating with different classes smoothly.

There are six members in the team, Chuan Liu, Jasmine Zhuang, Qiaoru Zhang, Ryan Fang, Yefan Jiang, and Yunya Li. Yefan has been implementing the use-case class TicketManager, including creating ticket generating methods and sales tracking methods. She plans to enhance the functionality of TicketManager and the corresponding parts in the UI to cooperate with more user requests. 

Jasmine is in charge of the Flight class that contains attributes that store flight information like flight number, origin city of the flight, arrival city of the flight, departure, and arrival time of flight, seat capacity, and the number of available seats, an ArrayList of seat numbers (if it is booked, then replace it by "X"), distance traveled from departure to destination. These attributes are all final (non-mutable) except the number of available seats and the ArrayList of seat numbers. There are getter methods for all attributes. All final attributes don't have a reset method. The reserveOneSeat method will update the number of available seats(i.e., subtract by one) and the ArrayList of seat numbers(find the index of the seat number if it is in the ArrayList, replace it by "X" and return true; if the seat number isn't in the ArrayList, return false). 

Qiaoru Zhang is responsible for implementing the use-case class CustomerManager, which is responsible for managing all customers who are registered. CustomerManager can show information about the customer by querying the customer's username, such as (username, name, email address, account balance, mileage earned, membership status). Users can also change the customer's personal and account information in this class. For example, change the customer's name, username, password, and update the account balance, mileage earned membership status, etc.

Yunya Li is responsible for the FlightManager class. It contains one constructor and eight other methods which allows us to construct a new flight, sort the flight order based on the distance of the route, access flight by flight number, reserving seats, verify the status of the flight, provides ArrayList of availableSeat by flight number, get flight's price.

Chuan Liu is responsible for the entity class Ticket. It stores both flight information(flight number, departure/arrival time/city, boarding gate...), passenger's information(Name, seat number), and ticket information(ticket id, seat number). And also a toString method that can print out the air ticket with all the information above. There are also getter methods for all the attributes. He expects to enhance more functions related to the tickets, such as refunding, class upgrading, and membership discount.

Ryan Fang is responsible for the entity class Customer. It stores and changes the personal information of a customer(username, password, name, etc.). In addition, it can check the password and membership of the customer. There are also getter methods and toString methods. 

In the future, we would consider adding some varieties into flight class. For example, adding seat class (First class, Business class, Economy class), aircraft categories, choosing your airplane meal in advance, and implementing more methods to track customers’ personal information such as Booked Tickets and Booked Flight information. Moreover, adding methods to calculate total revenue and more methods related to managing the user’s account could also be taken into account. If a passenger has a membership, he is qualified for the corresponding discounts and redeeming point rewards.
